Questionable, Classified as "About Race"

it is all pretty covered. The food is poor sometimes & 
what kind of a deal did that goat ranch make you. & 
the fishing. There's lots of cattle men in the west. 
sometimes the boys don't eat because the stomach will 
not stand - the food. & therefore they eat to much 
candy out of the canteen. but myself I have always eat 
rough food. but we do not get enough meat. & I believe 
we should get furloughs while we are on this side.. & 
the day cleaning is too high

If I were a leader of an armed force I'd have everything 
balanced perfectly. I wouldn't put northerners in with an 
already organized southern outfit. What chance has a 
"Yankee" private, when all non-coms and commissioned 
officers are all Southerners. Naturally since they (south) 
hate us, there is no chance in the world of getting ahead. 
If a Yankee does a minor misgrace he is punished heavily. 
If a Rebel does a major offense, he would probably be made 
a non-com. If you're not in good with the 1st sergeant, 
you might as well wear fatigues all day long. If you offend 
a non-com - (off duty) you'll probably be the sorriest man 
in the army. The captain doesn't know his men as well as he 
should. He knows just the ones that he knew in civilian 
life, and they're the ones who get everything. This is not 
just my opinion, the same answers will probably be given by 
some 5,000 more "Yankees." I've seen men need 

(The 25th Div no fuck good) (The food is sorry as hell and 
jusa poor) (A Negro is negro guy where you find)(The nocoms 
are dirty chicken shits) (The leader are all cut throat for 
higher com.) (If it wasn't for the PX having candy and 
popcorn etc. I go hurry)(but you find them who love the army)

wit this Divisoin hase Ben goin van[unclear][/unclear] the 
hill Ever since 1942 in it stride goin vancor in it no are an 
tap put it an the Bathas in it sixy is Long is not got a white 
hell officer a fir[s]t class prteret know men then came af them 
in i Bu Leive if the Boy no are Busted up the skills in one 
place in the yank in a nother it wood Be a good Bunch in the 
algie wood satdg, But on er how Laters of Yankees shot gold 
Brick an us in it make Everything poty for the rest 
[unclear][/unclear] of them Dont gre aney thing But 
[unclear][/unclear] for thir peple But in a fill Blooded soldger 
in with Be the kept of mi Life i Love mi peple in nil first for 
themwith that a Bust all i gotz Lay But i sent Lids by Be out in 
the miltery servise i cant march in yaer ty old in Brakes 
[unclear][/unclear][unclear][/unclear]

Before the war I never visited in the south and I see no reason 
why we couldn't have stayed in the north even tho' it was farther 
from my home state. If I survive this war and am discharged from 
the army it is my sincere wish that I will never have to live or 
visit in the south.

Officers and Non-coms[Non commissioned officers] act as Masters 
over dogs instead of leader over men. [paragraph] Food in Mess 
Hall usually terrible, blame ignorant Southern Mess Sergeant. 
[paragraph] Had been denial application for O.C.S. 
[Officer Candidate School] [paragraph] In General the Army is not 
vey well run in the Company

As I was saying about the Mexicans is that they should have 
different [unclear][/unclear] because the Mexican people talk the 
Spanish language during their training duties and most of the 
white boys can't understand them.

When I enlisted I passed the physical for an avaition [aviation] 
Cadet. When I got to this post I had a recheck and failed because 
I was color blind. Why couldn't I join some other branch of service? 
I would rather be in the Navy then the air corp ground crew.

I imagine this questionnaire was to be about the Army. the 
discussion of "rights & privileges" is a little silly, 'cause I 
haven't had much time to think about those nice, empty academic 
questions. the army - I like it. I have a great deal of respect & 
admiration for the average officer & non-com - the food is very good, 
& the clothes are very fashionable this year. I have a good bed,
pleasant (tho slap-happy) roommate, so what more could I ask? Except 
to go home more often - but I've been getting passes as often as 
anyone, so I can't object there & no real "gripe," I suppose, but I 
don't think I'll want to be in the army more than two days after the 
war ends. I'm white, by the way. Best army we ever had. but there's 
not enough money in it. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Questionable, Classfied as "Not About Race"

Question 58 through 63 - The negroes are alright in their place - 
whether its in civilian life or military - but most of them if given 
a few extra privileges seem to think they've been given the right to 
take over. They should be definitely kept separated on army posts - 
anyway I'm still a southerner at heart. 

most of the boys in my outfit come from where negros stay on their 
side of the street and they don't like them and they fight each other 
when they are together. I don't think they should be in the same camp 
together. They are giving us the same training they have been giving 
us for the last two years. It isn't doing us much good I don't think.

i believe if these wasn't so much politics & red tape that we could 
have had this war over in the summer of 43. are earlier. [paragraph] 
The Negro race is makeing a place for them selfs. They will have more 
priviliges & will deserve them. There will have to be a limit set though.

If negroes & whites were in same outfits, naturally there would be much 
blood shed. It would lead into serious developments, in the future. 
In fact I believe we would be fighting two wars, negroes & the Axis.

I think the questions about negroes are superfluous. Even though I'm 
from the north I'm sure I wouldn't want to share PX's{Army Exchange], 
or service clubs or be in the same outfits. [paragraph] One trouble 
with present army is that it too often requires a "break" to get into 
something worthwhile where you are properly placed. However they seem to 
be trying earnestly to remedy this condition. 

To my mind questions 53 through 63 are entirely out of place in this 
questionaire. From the looks of it, this questionnaire has for its 
purpose the improvement of the whole Army, not to stir up old questions 
decided in 1865. Let's get the war over first, then worry about the 
negroes. They seem to be getting along all right without any complaint, 
so why not leave well enough alone. The answers to these questions should 
be predictable merely on the basis of the place of the answerers residence. 
([paragraph]) question 49 defends in its answer a) a/on whether a soldier 
is in the outfit for which is is suited b) whether his personality makes 
him adapt himself easily to a different kind of life and c) whether he 
has any latent ability in the field in which he is in

The White & Negro questions are silly on my part. Why don't you let us 
beef about the chow!

I personally don't care to mix with negroes but I realize that they are 
also playing a part in this war. This war may help but I don't believe we 
will ever be able to mix races as the French do - the American outlook on 
such things is different. The countries we are fighting use men wearing 
glasses in the front lines - why don't we? I have not done one single thing 
since I've been in the Army except fall in - fall out - skin it back and 
sign here. Is this country fighting or only wasting money? Why can't the 
Army take tests for promotions and not rely on drag & seniority, the Nay does. 

I believe some questions on the statues of the soldier, being released from 
the service, should be included in a survey of the sod. as example. Will the 
ex soldier get a job Will he be refused his job he held privious to being 
drafted Not enough stress on soldiers place after war. Some questions were too 
general, for example dealing with negro. Most of question fair however not 
enough choice What the people of big cities think of soldiers coming into town 
for a little recreation, most of them look down and just think of getting his money. 

The questionaire as I have seen it has been rather liberal, although it stresses 
the negro question a little too much. It didn't give us enough questions on the 
Camp itself, which in my mind is very important thing to discuss so that the War 
Department could get a general comparison. Also a lot of us could get a load off 
our chests in saying that this post is lousy, literaly speaking. 

I have noticed that a few negroes in a group of white Soldiers causes no trouble. 
anyplace an equal number of both races get together there is trouble. Sometimes 
started by one faction sometimes by the other. 

CAMP RUCKER IS THE WORST CAMP IN THE COUNTRY. THE SOLDIER HERE IS TREATED LIKE A 
DOG INSTEAD OF BEING TREATED LIKE A HUMAN. THIS CAMP'S MORALE IS VERY POOR THE 
OFFICER'S DON'T EVEN ALLOW A SOLDIER TO ATTEND SERVICE'S ON HIS OWN RELIG[I]ON 
[PARAGRAPH] A SOLDIER IN CAMP RUCKER IS LIKE A NEGRO SLAVE. HE IS NEVER GIVEN 
TIME FOR HIS [insertion]OWN[/insertion] RECREATION AND AMUS[E]MENT HE IS ALWAY'S 
BEING WORKED OR DRILLED. THIS CAMP IS MORE OR LESS LIKE A CIVILIZED CONCENTRATION CAMP 

I don't like negroes and write using the same P. X. as they were in one camp I 
were in and Officers should be made through ranks. 

I do not understand why such a large part of these questions deal with negroes 
versus whites. I fail to see the connection between that and "why I like the 
Army or do not" 

Not only do I think the White soldiers should be separated from the Negroes but 
they should be separate camps for the Negroes. I only hope the United States do 
not stop this war until Germany and Japan has been completely wiped off the face 
of the world. 

I think negro's should be in a separate camp. & there should be more discipline 
in some camps. 

This questionaire seems to stress to much importants on the subject of whites 
and negros. [paragraph] There are a few questions which does not seem necessary. 
Such as, are you married? Is your wife expecting a baby? Those questions don't in 
my opinion concern with winning the war.  

Negroes an white people may differ in their ways of thinking an have there own 
idea of living ideals, also seem to enjoy themselve more when with their own 
class of people. An how I like army life is because I must like it as a duty an 
must fulfill it to the best of my ability 

The whites should always be separate from the negroe because we are more 
interested in everything in the United States. The negroe just thinks of a square 
meal & a place to eat. He doesn't seem to care to advance as fight as hard as we do. 

They do not take near as many negro soldiers as whites. I think I could do more for 
the war effort farming than a private in the army. 

Personally I believe a negro should be treated as equal to white that is not the case 
in U.S.A. at present- On the whole I believe the army is very well fed and equipped 

Too much emphasis on whites & negroes. Eleven questions are devoted about them. As far 
as I know the whites & negroes are segregated - they are here to fight the same as we 
are - I can't see why they [deletion][/deletion] should get more rights & privileges 
for just doing their job as suggested by Question #57. 

negros have a right to the same privilege in government and business as me. combining 
our social life would be degrading to our standard of living. [paragraph] History has 
shown that wars run in cycles of about every one and a half to two generations. People 
don't change in nature so wars will still be. If aggressive nations are quelled before 
they get too great such wars may be avoided. [paragraph] Our jobs after the war will be 
controlled by how the government controlls prices so that our consuming power is held up.  

I don't think the Army should have such a problem with the Negros as much as with the 
Mexicans at least Negros speak English, they should put the Mex. by themselves if they 
have to continue to talk their own language, or have them speak English all the time. 
Details on week-ends should be cut down. A week-end on detail brakes a soldiers moral 
more than anything else could, and transportation should be improved, as soldiers won't 
mind the service as much if he could get away from it a least a week-end little things 
like week-end passes might help win this ware quicker than firing on ranges or any other 
training when, they do less important things during the week. 

Opinions of men (in the service or not in the service) are too varied. No two peoples 
opinion run the same on all subjects. I cant see that it did much good. Nothing in the 
questionnaire will bring any changes that will help me in the least or any of my buddies 
or Comrades on Country. I would like to know why so many questions concerned the negro 
race. They are equal to us in ever detail except for color.

Why, should the negro - surely the more important question than the War - I am not in the 
class with any negro - and being white, I can and do treat every one with equal respect - 
just as the do me - but from my view as a whole negro’s time been ruined by [deletion] 
trying to make him Equal to a White man - We of the South treat our negro’s according to 
their own worth as Good negroes but never our equal.

The issue is not between the whites and negroes of this country but between the Allies and 
the Axis. I thin more questions should have been included to allow the soldier to speak 
his mind fully and completely about the [unclear][/unclear] question that is before the 
public today --- 

Most Negroes are in the lower bracket and until they are giving better opportunities for
an education they will allways feel inferior to the whites, also the whites are not used
to mixing socially with negroes, and they too should be taught to mix with them. until
this is done there will always be friction between these two. In other words both races
are responsible and should take steps to remedy this 

Negro fighters are OK when winning but yellow & scared when there getting licked.  Our
officers are very good they treat you right & square Our General is a OK guy. Our N.C.O.
are swell. & they give you a break if you deserve one. I like the army very much but I
don't like the branch of service i'm in. I'm not interested in being a good Medical
soldier, id rather be in the infantry where a mans a man, & can really be proud of 
himself. We don't get enough to eat and it don't taste so hot. The army is OK, a good
place for a young if hes in a branch of service he like & can take interest in. 

The negro separate outfits for them and the white and gave the negro a K.P. for them

25. The reason I don't fell proud of my battery is because I was transfer from a better
battery. 48. We could never trust Germany or Japan again. We should wipe them off the
map. 58. The negros before the war when working & making many got to high and mighty
for their own good.

It is my firm belief the Negro should have separate every thing in this Army - including
hospital Words. Px's ect.

I would think negros should be in the same army camps but different sections and could use
the same PX but not service clubs they should have one of their own. And when fighting in
battle should be allowed to mix. My best opinion. 

In the first place, I'm from the north and I know very little about negros, except, they
do have a lower standard of living. When we can't live together here, I don't see how
Europe and Asia can over there. I can now see why there is a war. [Paragraph] Secondly,
I don't see why because a person is elligible for Officier Material, the army puts him in
some branch he is entirely unfamiliar with. All this has done to me, is made me hate the
army and I have no interest at all in my work. The want to make good I had when I was
drafted, is fast fading from within me. When a person is classified, upon entrance into
service, why doesn't he stay in that classification? I know I could do more and like it, 
in my type of work and still make O.C.S. 

Democracy may lose some of its fundamental basis if we proved we are fighting for the
 burocracy, or for the [unclear][/unclear] of the Negro race. We still must Stick by the
 Bill of Rights - that- I think is what we are fighting for the preservation of. An 
objection I have on the part of the army is intermingling the illiterate with the educated
 or intelligent person. That is how it is in our outfit and progress is very slow when it
 comes to training. Can something be done about it. 

I do not think a true composite picture of the negroe question may be gotten. To me, it is
a poor way to demonstrate our clemency by asking us our opinions on this - this question 
is too sensationalized for any one to give a rational answer and still answer an honest 
opinion. Do think if you want to know more about our representative soldier 
[unclear][/unclear] questions to more soldierly questions with emphasis on his pre-army 
life, his present army life and his future thoughts on after army life! 

About the negro situation I am fairly undecided. I have no other comments on any other part
of this questionnaire 

When there are more negroes than whites in a crowd, they make it known. They then try to 
make it tough for the whites. 

The questionnaire seems to be thorough and fair in the questions it asks. I feel that the 
information gathered from the last question could be better judged if the questionnaire asked 
the race of the person answering. The writer is white and has long hoped for negro equality 
and further education of the negro race so that they might have the opportunity to use their 
new liberties properly. 

Can't understand the large interest in the negro's place in the army and after the war. This 
much in interest was not shown before we entered this conflict. Why brought before us now to 
such a degree Why our guess as to the ending of the was was wanted. To get in this thing and 
our shoulders to the wheel and get it over so we can all go home.

In combat there should be five or ten negros fighting together with 100 white men. Keep an 
eye on Russia. 

I think the negro soldiers are doing there share to help win the war. There bus service here 
is very poor do to the fact they don't have the equipment.

People think negroes are a lower class than we are. Why is that? A little pigment which we 
have and they don't is all that seperate us in my opinion. Why are politicians allowed to run 
the war the way they want? Can there be any definite substantial reason for now allowing a 
person to get transferred from the Air Corps to the field artillery if he hates planes?? Has 
Pres. Roosevelt ever been to "Alcatraz" (Atlantic City, N.J. He should visit this infernal place. 

I hope you read the clipping it shows farmers of the [unclear][/Sohel?] army. If a married woman 
was working her husband was put in 117 negro[unclear][/Cash?] of there total money. Where many 
married men with large sum's of money have been put in 317. Such as Billy Rose Millionaire.

My answers pertaining to negroes are based on only a fair knowledge of them and therefore should 
be regarded as not authoritative advice. 

It occurs to me that the negro problem is given far more space in this questionnaire than its 
real significance justifies. It is being agitated by professional reformers and seems to have 
someone in Washington frightened. Eventually that group is going to talk up a lots of trouble. 

I have always lived in the south and naturally I feel that way about the negro. I was brought 
up that way.

If you give a negro money he just lives in a shack an buys a new car an doesn't improve himself, 
I know that's the way in the north and they can be led to (sic) easily don't think for themselves. 
Most soldiers want to be discharged from the Army as soon after the war is over you are going to 
have a hell of a time keeping them in

I feel that the elected officials and appointed ones are using their authority to further their 
interests and friends interests. Also too much politics are being played on the conduct of the 
war. The negro question I can't answer, as I have observed nothing. Germany always has pleaded 
for an armistis before being thoroughly whipped, will again. I think more effective use of 
civilian trades could be used, that round pegs are in square holes. 

The negro is a good citizen. He is given a fair chance. But the majority of them are ignorant. 
If he had better education he probably wouldn't have to [unclear][/unclear] as he does. 
[unclear][/unclear] is not any more so he should try to better himself. I know we will win the 
war. We have too. [unclear][/unclear] we should do something to prevent it from happening 
again. I also think everyone is doing his part to win. 